# CSC 573 (601) - Internet Protocols
Projects 1 and 2.
## Projects 1: Peer-to-Peer with Distributed Index (P2P-DI) System for Downloading RFCs
In the traditional network system, one centralized server is utilized for downloading RFCs. This project offers a Peer-to-Peer with distributed index (P2P-DI) system in which peers may download desired RFCs that currently are not in their hard drive (or file space), directly from other active peers in the P2P-DI system. There is one Registration Server that runs on well-known IP address (can be changed by the user) and port - 65423. The Registration Server maintains information about all active peers in the P2P-DI system that have registered with it. Peers learn about other peers in the P2P-DI system via the Registration Server by sending request messages to it upon their registration. All communication among peers and registration server takes place over TCP and strictly under P2P-DI/1.0 application protocol.
## Project 2: Point-to-Multipoint File Transfer Protocol (P2MP-FTP)
P2MP-FTP - protocol that provides a FTP sophisticated service: transferring a file from one host (p2mp client) to multiple destinations (p2mp servers). P2MP-FTP uses UDP to send packets from the sending host (p2mp client) to each of the destinations (p2mp servers) as opposed to the traditional FTP where TCP is used to ensure reliable data transmission of files from one sender to one receiver. In order to provide reliable data transfer service, P2MP-FTP utilizes the Stop-and-Wait automatic repeat request (ARQ). Hence, using the unreliable UDP protocol, P2MP-FTP allows implementation of a transport layer service such as reliable transfer in user space.
